I've been in enough action to last me a lifetime and a half.

The name's William Cheytac, co-founder and co-Operator of the now defunct Spark's Office, what was once situated in M-Corp. Lemme tell you a story. Sit down, it's a long one. I'll try to skip the boring parts that aren't relevant.

No clue how I got here, ambushed by some moron in a gold jacket swinging around a scythe, almost killing each other. Turns out, that's how you make friends in this city, seeing as that's what happened. He was just some lone merc- er, Fixer, at the time, and I was nobody as far as the world was concerned. So, we became friends, then we became business partners. We were pretty big, in case you somehow didn't know. Ran by a Color, the Golden Spark. Also ran by me, a Grade 1. We also had Rosis, who... I don't even know what the hell he is, honestly. Anyway, despite being an Office of such high prestige, we struggled to make ends meet. Well, he wasn't a Color and I wasn't Grade 1 when we founded the Office, so maybe that's why it took everything we had with the freelance work just to scrape together enough to buy that building. Even after he became a Color, and I became Grade 1, and he took down the Rays of Destruction, we weren't exactly sleeping in king-sized beds with four posts. But we lived. We were even able to recruit more Fixers... but they were more akin to problem causers than problem fixers. They were less than useless, they were goddamn leeches. Taking advantage of Sparky offering room and board out of the goodness of his heart. I had to be the one making sure they stayed off their asses and actually brought in income, but they pocketed more for themselves than they paid us for their rent, I just fucking know it.

Then, something happened... I don't know what it was, he never told me. But out of nowhere we owed the Head four hundred million Ahn. Four hundred fucking million! How does anybody pay that off! That's a death sentence. And death is what came. Spark told the others to pack their shit and scatter. Unfortunately, they listened to him. I, on the other hand, was perfectly content with letting them stay and get slaughtered like the pigs they are by a Claw or two. But I stayed with Spark. I stuck with him.

And then the day came. A Claw came knocking on our door. Even with Spark's ridiculous speed, we had trouble fending that Claw off. Until I... I'm... I'm not sure what I did, but when the dust settled, the Claw was gone. Spark and I within an inch of our lives, but with those broken bones, I swear we lived.





The last words I ever heard were

"You're a problem."

Before the back of my skull was cracked open by an Arbiter.





I miss my old home.

I miss Shauna.

I miss Saville.



Let me out.